Examples: records[25, 256, 261, 136, 138]

1. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'ADCS-ADL = Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living Score. This is a structured questionnaire about activities of daily living, administered to the subject's caregiver/study partner. The range of this instrument is 0 to 6 with lower numbers indicating greater impairment.;\nCDR-SOB = Clinical Dementia Rating, Sum of Boxes. This is a global rating of dementia severity based on the clinician's interpretation of the history and examination. The range of this instrument is 0 to 18 with higher numbers indicating greater impairment.;/nThe Neuropsychiatric Inventory quantifies behavioral changes in dementia, including depression, anxiety, psychosis, agitation, sleep change, appetite change, and others. This is a structured questionnaire administered to the subject's caregiver/study partner. The range of this instrument is 0 to 120 with higher numbers indicating greater impairment.;/nADAS-cog 11 = Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale, cognitive sub-scale in points per year. This is a psychometric measure sensitive to change in mild to moderate AD. The range of this instrument is 0 to 70 with higher numbers indicating greater impairment.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines four clinical and neurpsychoogical assessment scales (ADCS-ADL, CDR-SOB, NPI, ADAS-Cog 11) whose global scores serve as quantifiable markers for clinical change assessment and each of them is specific for different cognitive domains, such as: i) cognitive functions (short- and long-term memory), ii) language (comprehension and expression), iii) orientation (awareness of time and place), iv) praxis (the ability to perform complex movements), v) Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms (delusions, hallucinations, mood disturbances - depression, anxiety, irritability, apathy, and euphoria -, agitation/aggression and disinhibition), vi) functional abilities (level of independence, self-care, instrumental activities)', 'biomarkers':['ADCS-ADL: Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living Score','CDR-SOB: Clinical Dementia Rating Scale Sum of Boxes','NPI: Neuropsychiatric Inventory','ADAS-cog 11: Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale']}
   
2. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Comparison of Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living (ADCS-ADL) scores (range 0-78) at 4 weeks and 20 weeks with baseline scores in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's Disease. A higher score indicates better activities of daily living (ADL).;/nNumber of patients who withdrew due to adverse events;/nComparison of incidence of adverse events among patients with different APOE genotypes;/nA patient's APOE genotype (ɛ2/ɛ2, ɛ3/ɛ3, ɛ4/ɛ4, ɛ2/ɛ3, ɛ2/ɛ4 and ɛ3/e4) was tested by tested by Sanger sequencing from blood collected from the the patient at Visit 2./nAPOE genotype is not mandatory;/nComparison of Mental state examination (MMSE) scores (range 0-30) at 4 weeks and 20 weeks with baseline in mild to moderate AD patients. A higher score indicates better cognitive function.Higher score indicates better cognition function.;/nPhysical examinations such as vital signs and weight, clinical laboratory tests, and electrocardiograms (ECGs) during the 20 weeks.'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'This record primarily focused on two types of measures: i) the APOE genotype biomarker tested from blood, which has different variants (ɛ2,ɛ3,ɛ4), that is known to influence the risk and progression of Alzheimer's disease. The incidence of adverse events among patients with different APOE genotypes has been correlated to see if the genetic variations is linked to side effects of treatment. Validated markers to assess a patient's cognitive and functional status were used, i.e.: i) Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE); ii) the Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living (ADCS-ADL). A safety marker was also derived such as: the number of patients who withdrew due to adverse events. Physical exams, vital signs, lab tests, and ECGs were conducted to ensure patient safety throughout the clinical trial.','biomarkers':['ADCS-ADL Change: Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living Score Change','MMSE Change: Mini Mental State Examination Score Change', 'TEAEs: Number of Treatment-emergent Adverse Events','APOE: Apolipoprotein E (APOE) Genotype', 'Treatment Advere Event Correlation: Incidence of Adverse Events between APOE and treatment']}

3. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Protein analysis of cerebral spinal fluid.;/nIn vivo quantification radioligand binding to TSPO expression on microglia in the brain, reported as standardized uptake value ratio (SUVR).;/nIn vivo quantification of radioligand binding to Amyloid-Beta protein in the brain, reported as standardized uptake value ratio (SUVR).;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly reports: i) Amyloid-Beta (Aβ) Protein quantification via standardized uptake value ratio (SUVR) quantified with PET methodology; ii) Translocator Protein (TSPO) expression on microglia quantified via SUVR with PET. Microglia are the brain's immune cells and TSPO is a protein that is expressed on their surface when they are activated. An increase in TSPO expression suggests neuroinflammation in the brain a process that is often associated with many neurological disease; iii) Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Proteins - although not clearly mentioned they should be referred to Abeta42 and total TAU and P-Tau proteins extracted with Lumbar puncture.','biomarkers':['SUVR Quantification of ABeta: Standardized Uptake Value Ratio of Amyloid-Beta protein', 'SUVR Quantification of TPSO: Standardized Uptake Value Ratio of Translocator Protein', 'Quantification of CSF Proteins: Quantification of Amyloid Beta and TAU proteins in cerebral spinal fluid']}

4. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'The caregiver answered to the questions given to measure the cognitive function level of the patients in daily living. Lower scores indicate greater severity.\n23 questions Score Scale: 0-78 (min-MAX);\nMeasured by professionally trained clinicians. Higher score indicates more severe AD symptoms.\nScore Scale: 0-18 (min-MAX);\nRegional cerebral glucose uptake level was measured as the ratio value of FDG uptake of the each unit level to the global mean uptake value.;\nLevel of severity of white matter lesions in AD patients who can be legitimately administered with cilostazol. Measured by professionally trained clinicians.\nThe higher score indicates more severe white matter lesion. Max-min: 0-3;\nThe ADAS-Cog score is measured by the number of questions answered incorrectly, therefore the higher is the worse.\nScore Scale: 0-75 (min-MAX)\nEach subcategory scores are summed.\n1. Word-recall test (0-10)\n2. Commands (0-5)\n3. Constructional praxis (0-5)\n4. Naming Objects/ Fingers (0-5)\n5. Ideational Praxis (0-5)\n6. Orientation (0-8)\n7. Word Recognition (0-12)\n8. Remembering Test Instructions (0-5)\n9. Spoken Language Ability (0-5)\n10. Word Finding Difficulty (0-5)\n11. Comprehension (0-5);\nBasic cognitive functions are checked. (0-30) The score is better when higher.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines 6 markers covering: i) cognitive function with Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale (ADAS-Cog), Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), Clinical Dementia Rating Scale-Sum of Boxes (CDR-SB), ii) ability of the patient to perform daily life tasks (ADCS-ADL), iii) brain imaging surrogate biomarker and scale such as the change of the regionally averaged cerebral glucose uptake measured by voxel based morphometry (VBM) method in 18F-FDG PET images, and the Fazekas Scale to measures the severity of white matter lesions.','biomarkers':['ADCS-ADL: Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living Score','CDR-SB: Clinical Dementia Rating Scale Sum of Boxes','ADAS-cog: Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale','MMSE Korean Version of CERAD: Mini Mental State Examination','Fazekas: Fazekas Scale','Change 18F-FDG PET: assessment of neuron metabolism change via PET']}

5. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Plasma Abeta biomarkers (Abeta42, Abeta40) were assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Change from Baseline in plasma Abeta42 and Abeta40 are summarized. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value. The data is presented in for adjusted mean and standard error of adjusted mean.;/nCSF tau and P-tau were assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Change from Baseline in CSF tau and P-tau was summarized. Baseline and Week 24 study visits were taken place at approximately the same time of day in the morning (preferably between 08:00 and 12:00) to improve the reliability of CSF. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value. The data is presented in for adjusted mean and standard error of adjusted mean.;/nThe WM/EF composite score was comprised of 5 functional tests including 1) Controlled oral word association which measured language fluency, planning and working memory, 2) Category naming: It measures semantic fluency, planning and working memory, 3) One-back: This is a measure of working memory. 4) Trail B: This is a measure of motor speed, visual scanning, and visual-motor integration. This test required attention and cognitive flexibility. 5) Go No-Go task: This test evaluate accuracy and reaction time for each response. The composite score calculated by standardizing the total score: sum of all responses obtained from these 5 functional test by using the formula (Total score of ITT population at baseline - Total score at Week 24) /standard deviation of mean total mean score at baseline. The observed composite score ranged from minimum -1.474 and maximum 1.596. Lower score means better cognitive status. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose visit minus Baseline value.;/nCSF albumin quotient was assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Change from Baseline in albumin quotient is summarized. Baseline and Week 24 study visits were taken place at approximately the same time of day in the morning (preferably between 08:00 and 12:00) to improve the reliability of CSF. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value. The data is presented in for adjusted mean and standard error of adjusted mean.;/nCSF Abeta biomarkers (Abeta42, Abeta40) were assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Change from Baseline in CSF Abeta42 and Abeta40 are summarized. Baseline and Week 24 study visits were taken place at approximately the same time of day in the morning (preferably between 08:00 and 12:00) to improve the reliability of CSF. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value. The data is presented in for adjusted mean and standard error of adjusted mean.;/nPlasma Abeta biomarkers (Abeta42, Abeta40) were assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Change from Baseline in plasma Abeta42/Abeta40 ratio is summarized. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value. The data is presented in for adjusted mean and standard error of adjusted mean.;/nCSF Abeta biomarkers (Abeta42, Abeta40) were assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Change from Baseline in CSF Abeta42/Abeta40 ratio is summarized. Baseline and Week 24 study visits were taken place at approximately the same time of day in the morning (preferably between 08:00 and 12:00) to improve the reliability of CSF. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value. The data is presented in for adjusted mean and standard error of adjusted mean.;/nPlasma Lp-PLA2 was assessed at Baseline visit (Day 0) and Week 24 (Day 168). Percentage inhibition in plasma Lp-PLA2 activity ratio is summarized. Percentage inhibition was calculated by dividing change from Baseline in plasma LpPLA2 by Baseline LpPLA2 multiplied by -100. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value. Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose (Week 24) visit value minus Baseline value.;/nCogState battery overall composite score comprised of 8 functional tests 1) Controlled oral word association test measured language fluency, planning and working memory. 2) Category naming test measured semantic fluency, planning and working memory. 3) One-back test measured working memory. 4) Trail B test measured motor speed, visual scanning and visual-motor integration, required attention and cognitive flexibility. 5) Go No-Go task evaluated accuracy and reaction time for each response. 6) International shopping list immediate and delayed recall tests measured episodic memory. 7) Identification task test assessed visual attention. 8) Trail A test measured psychomotor speed and attention. Composite score= total score (sum of all responses from 8 functional test) by formula (Total score at baseline - Week 24) / SD of total score at baseline. Score ranged: -1.070 to 0.907. Lower score indicated the better cognitive status. Change from Baseline= post-dose visit minus Baseline value;/nCogState battery attention composite score comprised of 2 functional tests including 1) Identification task test assessed visual attention and 2) Trail A test measured psychomotor speed and attention. Composite score calculated by standardizing the total score (sum of all responses from 2 functional test) by formula (Total score at baseline - Week 24) / SD of total score at baseline. The observed composite score ranged from minimum -1.756 and maximum 1.330. Higher score indicated the better attention. Baseline value was defined as the latest Day 0 value and Change from Baseline was calculated as post-dose visit minus Baseline value;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines XXX markers covering: i) cognitive function with the CogState battery (CogState) combined in 3 different composite scores, such as: a) the overall composite scores obtained with the combination of eight subtests to give a broad measure of overall cognitive change, b) the Working Memory/Executive Function (WM/EF) Composite Score to measure the patient's ability to plan, problem-solve, and manage multiple tasks, c) Attention Composite Score to to measure a person's visual attention and processing speed; ii) biological markers in Plasma (i.e.: levels of Aβ40, Aβ42, their ratio, Lipoprotein-associated Phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) activity) or in CSF (i.e.: level of Tau, Phosphorylated Tau, Aβ40, Aβ42, Abeta42/Abeta40 Ratio, Albumin Quotient','biomarkers':['CogState Overall Score: CogState Battery','CogState Attention Score: CogState Battery','CogState Working Memory/Executive Function Score: CogState Battery', 'Tau-CSF: Tau in CSF','P-Tau-CSF: Phosphorylated-Tau in CSF','Aβ-CSF: Amyloid Beta 1-42 in CSF','Aβ-Plasma: Amyloid Beta 1-42 in Plasma Blood','Aβ-CSF: Amyloid Beta 1-40 in CSF','Aβ-Plasma: Amyloid Beta 1-40 in Plasma Blood', 'Albumin-CSF: Albumin Quotient', 'Lp-PLA2-Plasma: Lipoprotein-associated Phospholipase A2 activity']}
