Examples: records[9, 53, 145, 150, 249]

1. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'A global rating scale for severity of patients adapted to bipolar disorder. Measures severity of the patient's overall severity of manic symptoms on a scale of 1 (normal, not at all ill) to 7 (among the most extremely ill patients).;/nDrug Induced Extra-Pyramidal Symptoms Scale (DIEPSS) is a scale used to evaluate the severity of drug induced extra-pyramidal symptoms occurring during antipsychotic drug treatment. Scale consists of 8 individual symptom scales with scores ranging from 0 (none/normal) to 4 (severe). The total score is the sum of the 8 item scores, for a total range of 0 (normal) to 32 (severe).;/nThe YMRS is an 11-item scale that measures the severity of manic episodes. Four items are rated on a scale from 0 (symptom not present) to 8 (symptom extremely severe). The remaining items are rated on a scale from 0 (symptom not present) to 4 (symptom extremely severe). The YMRS total score ranges from 0 to 60.;/nSwitch to symptomatic depression was defined as HAMD-17 total score ≥13 at any time in the participants with HAMD-17 total scores ≤7 at baseline. The 17-item HAMD measures depression severity. Each item was evaluated and scored using either a 5-point scale (e.g. absent, mild, moderate, severe, very severe) or a 3-point scale (e.g. absent, mild, marked). The total score of HAMD-17 may range from 0 (normal) to 52 (severe).;/nParticipants who had 50 percent or more decrease from the baseline in YMRS total scores were defined as a responder. The YMRS is an 11-item scale that measures the severity of manic episodes. Four items are rated on a scale from 0 (symptom not present) to 8 (symptom extremely severe). The remaining items are rated on a scale from 0 (symptom not present) to 4 (symptom extremely severe). The YMRS total score ranges from 0 to 60. Response Rate (percent) = number of patients meeting response criterion for manic symptom divided by number of patients in treatment arm, multiplied by 100.;/nSwitch to syndromic depression was operationally defined by meeting both of the following criteria: At baseline, the symptoms did not meet the criteria for a mixed episode based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth Edition, Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR). The critiera were met for a Major Depressive Episode (MDE), at any point after randomization, based on DSM-IV-TR. Rather than the 2-week period required for an MDE in the DSM-IV-TR, the patient had to meet the criteria of an MDE for at least 7 consecutive days (during Weeks 1 through 6).;/nParticipants who had a YMRS total score of 12 or less were considered to be in remission of manic symptoms. YMRS is an 11-item scale that measures severity of manic episodes; total score ranges from 0 (normal) to 60 (severe). Remission Rate (percent) = number of patients meeting remission criteria divided by number of patients in treatment arm, multiplied by 100.;/nRemission of bipolar disorder was defined as completing the 6-week period with meeting the criteria for Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) total score of 12 or less and 17-Item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) total scores of 7 or less at Week 6. YMRS is an 11-item scale measuring severity of manic episodes; total score ranges = 0 (normal) to 60 (severe). The 17-item HAMD measures depression severity; total score ranges = 0 (normal) to 52 (severe). Remission Rate (percent) = number of patients meeting remission criteria divided by number of patients in treatment arm, multiplied by 100.;/nAssesses positive symptoms associated with schizophrenia. 7 items make up the Positive scale (ex. delusions, conceptual disorganization, and hallucinatory behavior). Each item is rated on a scale from 1 (symptom not present) to 7 (symptoms extremely severe). Total Positive Subscale scores range from 7 to 49. For this study, the score was converted to 0 to 6 for each item range; hence, the total positive subscale score ranges from 0 to 42.;/nA global rating scale for severity of patients adapted to bipolar disorder. Measures severity of the patient's overall severity of overall mood symptoms on a scale of 1 (normal, not at all ill) to 7 (among the most extremely ill patients).;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'This record mentions a number of validated rating scales to measure changes (i.e.: it is a longitudinal study) in mood symptoms, overall illness severity, and side effects but, on the contrary, there were no biological or genetic biomarkers reported. The markers can be summarised in "Mood and Symptom Assessments" such as: Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) to measure the severity of manic episodes; Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) to measure the severity of depressive symptoms; Clinical Global Impressions Scale-Bipolar Version (CGI-BP) to measure the severity of a patient's manic symptoms or overall mood symptoms; Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) to assess positive symptoms such as delusions or hallucinations. The remaining markers can be clustered as "Side Effects and Relapse" such as: Drug-Induced Extra-Pyramidal Symptoms Scale (DIEPSS) to assess the severity of movement-related side effects common with antipsychotic medications; the "percentage of switch to Syndromic Depression" - defined as a patient meeting the diagnostic criteria of DSM-IV-TR for Major Depressive Episode for 7 consecutive days during the trial; Response Rate: Participants who had >=50% decrease from the baseline in YMRS total scores; Remission Rate: percentage of patients meeting remission criteria defined as YMRS total score <= 12;', 'biomarkers':['YMRS: Young Mania Rating Scale Change Change in Total Score','HAMD-17: Hamilton Depression Rating Scale Change in Total Score','CGI-BP: Clinical Global Impressions Scale-Bipolar Version Change in Total Score', 'PANSS: Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale Change in Total Score', 'DIEPSS: Drug-Induced Extra-Pyramidal Symptoms Scale Change in Total Score', 'Response Rate: Number of patients with YMRS total score <= 12 after treatment', 'Remission Rate: Number of patients meeting remission criteria divided by number of patients in treatment arm']}
   
2. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'CDRS-R Total score measures the presence and severity of depression in children/adolescents. The scale has 17 items scored on a 1-to-5 (3 items)- or 1-to-7 (14 items)-point scale. Total scores range from 17 to 113. Lower scores indicate lower depression, scores \> 41 indicate mild-moderate depression.;/nC-GAS is a clinician-rated measure of overall severity of disturbance. A single assigned score ranging from 0 (most severe level of impairment) to 100 (absence of impairment) represents level of functional impairment.;/nA semi-structured interview designed to assess present episode and episode since last assessment of psychiatric illness according to DSM-IV criteria. The mood, anxiety, substance use and disruptive disorders sections were administered.;/nA 4 item measure to evaluate attitudes towards: length of treatment, helpfulness of therapist, effects of participating in research, and additional services desired. Each item had 3 response options: 1.positive (or longer treatment) 2.neutral (or length just right) 3. negative (or shorter treatment). Scores are summed with potential range from 4-12. Lower number indicates more positive attitude;/nAn 11-item clinician-rated instrument for assessing the severity of manic episodes. 7 of the items are rated on a scale 0-4 and 4 are rated from 0-8. Total scores can range from 0-60, with higher scores indicating greater severity of symptoms.;/nA self report 10-item scale designed to measure respondents' tendency to regulate their emotions in two ways: (1) Cognitive Reappraisal and (2) Expressive Suppression. Respondents answer each item on a 7-point Likert-type scale ranging from 1 (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree).Items 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 10 make up the Cognitive Reappraisal facet (score is averaged, i.e., the score lies between 1 and 7), higher score indicates higher Cognitive reappraisal)./nItems 2, 4, 6, 9 make up the Expressive Suppression facet (score is averaged, i.e., the score lies between 1 and 7, higher score indicates higher Expressive Suppression).;/nTreatment Credibility Questionnaire. Participant and parent's expectancy about the perceived benefit of treatment will be assessed following the first intervention session after the treatment rationale is given. Adolescents were asked to rate how logical the treatment seemed to them, how confident they were that it would be successful, and how confident they would be in recommending the treatment to a friend. A 0- to 2-point rating scale (0 = none, 1 = some, 2 = a lot) was used (range of possible overall score 0-6, higher score indicating higher treatment credibility);/nA self-report10-item scale designed to measure respondents' tendency to regulate their emotions in two ways: (1) Cognitive Reappraisal and (2) Expressive Suppression. Respondents answer each item on a 7-point Likert-type scale ranging from 1 (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree).Items 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 10 make up the Cognitive Reappraisal facet (score is averaged, i.e., the score lies between 1 and 7), higher score indicates higher Cognitive reappraisal)./nThe General Functioning scale, that assesses the overall health/pathology of the family, is used for the study. The 12 item scores are averaged to calculate the total score, which ranges from 1-4, with higher scores reflecting worse functioning;/nA clinician-administered instrument to the adolescent' parent, designed to screen for mood, anxiety, and other disorders in parent's first-degree relatives (parents, spouse).;/n(SAS-SR) for adolescents, a self-report instrument with 23 questions that fall into 4 major categories: school, friends, family, and dating. Patients rate themselves for the past 2 weeks and they can receive either a total score or a domain specific score. The total score is used here. Each item is scored 1-5, the total score is the average of the scores on each item, possible range of scores 1-5, higher scores indicating worse functioning.;/nThe PHQ-9 is a depression screen, administered to the adolescents parents in this study. The PHQ-9 scores each of the 9 DSM-IV criteria as "0" (not at all) to "3" (nearly every day). Scores can range from 0-27, with higher score indicating higher depression levels.;/nA semi-structured interview designed to assess present episode of psychiatric illness according to DSM-IV criteria. The mood, anxiety, substance use and disruptive disorders sections were administered.;/nA self-report inventory for the participant' parent that screens for history of a manic or hypomanic syndrome by including 13 yes/no items. A score \>7 indicate possible history of mania/hypomania (coded as 1), \<7 indicates potential absence of mania/hypomania (coded as 0);'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record highligts the following markers to measure the presence and severity of mood symptoms, such as: Children's Depression Rating Scale-Revised (CDRS-R); Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9); Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS); Mood Disorder Questionnaire; Children's Global Assessment Scale (C-GAS); Social Adjustment Scale (SAS-SR); Kiddie-Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia-Present and Lifetime Version (KSADS-P). Given the strong familial component of mood disorders, in this record are collected also family data via the "Family History Screen" to screen parents for mood disorders and anxiety. The study also evaluated factors that could influence the success of the treatment, i.e.: the "Treatment Credibility Scale" to assess how logical and effective the treatment seems to adolescents after their first session; the "Attitudes Toward Treatment Questionnaire" to measure patient attitudes toward the duration and usefulness of treatment and the therapist.', 'biomarkers':['CDRS-R: Children's Depression Rating Scale-Revised Score','PHQ-9: Patient Health Questionnaire-9 Score', 'YMRS: Young Mania Rating Scale Score','C-GAS: Children's Global Assessment Scale Score', 'SAS-SR: Social Adjustment Scale Score','KSADS-P: Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia-Present Episode Version Score', 'Family History Screen: Clinician Administered Instrument to the Adolescent' Parent to Screen and Score for Mood, Anxiety, and Other Disorders in Parent's First-Degree Relatives', 'Treatment Credibility Scale: Score to Measure How Much is the Treatment Effective', 'Attitudes Toward Treatment Questionnaire: Score to Measure Patient's Beliefs about therapy and therapist']}

3. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Participants will be evaluated for biological and genetic risk factors for nutritional and metabolic adverse effects associated with second-generation antipsychotics (SGA's) during 4 visits over 12 weeks. Participants will also be evaluated at Month 6, 9, and 12 (Week 52)./nSince only a single participant finished the study and had assessments through Week 52, we compiled the data from all subject endpoints (1 Week 12 visit, 2 Week 36 visits, and 1 Week 52 visit) and this is the data reported below.'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'This clinical study measured changes assessed in 4 time-points (over 12 week period) focusing on several biomarkers in order to assess the metabolic side-effects of second-generation antipsychotic (SGA) medications. The study focused on metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors, which are known to be affected by SGAs. The record explicitly mentioned the following markers: i) Glucose Levels representing an indicator of blood sugar; ii) Triglycerides in the blood; iii) Low-Density Lipoproteins (LDL) that contribute to plaque buildup in arteries; iv) Total Cholesterol that is the overall measure of all cholesterol in the blood; v) Weight that represents a marker for metabolic health and an important side effect of SGAs.', 'biomarkers':['Glicemia Change: Glucose Levels change in mg/dL', 'Triglycerides Change: Triglycerides Levels change in mg/dL', 'LDL Change: Low-Density Lipoproteins change in mg/dL', 'Total Cholesterol Change: LTotal Cholesterol Change in mg/dL', 'Weight Change: Weight change in Libres']}

4. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'The PIRS-2 is a 2-item self-report of insomnia assessed via a computer interface. Each item is scored from 0-3. The PIRS-2 total score is calculated as the sum of the 2 items. The PIRS total score ranges from 0 to 6. Higher scores are associated with greater severity of insomnia.;/nThe MADRS consists of 10 items, each rated on a Likert scale, from 0=Normal to 6=Most Severe. The MADRS total score is calculated as the sum of the 10 items. The MADRS total score ranges from 0 to 60. Higher scores are associated with greater severity of depressive symptoms.;/nThe CGI-BP-S depression score is a single value, clinician-rated assessment of depression illness severity and ranges from 1=Normal, not at all ill to 7=Among the most extremely ill patients. A higher score is associated with a greater illness severity.;/nThe CGI-BP-S mania score is a single value, clinician-rated assessment of mania illness severity and ranges from 1=Normal, not at all ill to 7=Among the most extremely ill patients. A high score is associated with greater illness severity;/nThe QIDS-SR16 is a 16-item self-report measure of depressive symptomatology which uses a computerized assessment interface for administration. The scoring system for the QIDS-SR16 converts responses to 16 separate items into nine DSM-IV symptom criterion domains. The nine domains comprise: depressed mood (Item 5); concentration/decision making (Item 10); self outlook (Item 11); suicidal ideation (Item 12); decreased interest (Item 13); decreased energy (Item 14); sleep disturbance (initial, middle, and late insomnia or hypersomnia) (highest score of Items 1 to 4); appetite/weight disturbance (highest score of Items 6 to 9); and psychomotor disturbance (highest score of Items 15 and 16). The QIDS-SR16 total score is calculated as the sum of the 9 domain scores. The QIDS-SR16 total score ranges from 0 to 27 with a high score indicating more severe symptoms.;/nThe Q-LES-Q-SF is a 16-item self-report measure of the degree of enjoyment and satisfaction in various areas of daily living. The questionnaire was developed and validated for use in depressed outpatient subjects and has eight summary scales that reflect major areas of functioning: physical health, mood, leisure time activities, social relationships, general activities, work, household duties and school/coursework. Each item is rated on a 5-point scale, ranging from 1 (very poor) to 5 (very good). The Q-LES-Q-SF percentage maximum possible score is calculated as 100 × (Raw Score - 14 \[Minimum Score\]) / (70 \[Maximum Score\] - 14 \[Minimum Score\]). Higher percent maximum scores indicate better quality of life.;/nThe SDS is a composite of three self-rated items designed to measure the extent to which three major sectors in the patient's life are impaired by depressive symptoms. The SDS total score is calculated as the sum of the 3 items. The SDS total score ranges from 0 to 30. Higher scores are associated with greater severity of global functional impairments. If a subject has not worked/studied at all during the past week for reasons unrelated to the disorder, the SDS total score will be set to missing.;/nA mood event is defined as one of the following during the double-blind phase:/n(1) Fulfilled Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Ed., Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) criteria for manic, mixed manic, hypomanic, or depressive episode. (2) Required treatment intervention for manic, mixed manic, hypomanic, or depressive symptoms with any antipsychotic (other than study drug), antidepressant, mood stabilizer (other than lithium or divalproex), anxiolytic agents, benzodiazepine (beyond dosage allowed for anxiety, agitation, or insomnia). (3) Psychiatric hospitalization for any bipolar mood episode. (4) Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) or Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score ≥ 18 or Clinical Global Impression Bipolar Version, Severity of Illness (CGI BP S) score ≥ 4 at 2 consecutive assessments no more than 10 days apart. (5) Discontinuation from the study because of a mood event (as determined by the Investigator).;/nthe YMRS is an 11-item instrument used to assess the severity of mania in subjects with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder. Ratings are based on patient self-reporting, combined with clinician observation (accorded greater score). The YMRS total score is calculated as the sum of the 11 items. The YMRS total score ranges from 0 to 60. Higher scores are associated with greater severity of maia.;/nThe PANSS-P is a subset of items in the PANSS, an interview-based measure of the severity of psychopathology in adults with psychotic disorders. The measure contains seven questions to assess delusions, conceptual disorganization, hallucinations behavior, excitement, grandiosity, suspiciousness/persecution, and hostility. An anchored Likert scale from 1-7, where values of 2 and above indicate the presence of progressively more severe symptoms, is used to score each item. The PANSS-P subscale score is the sum of the 7 items and ranges from 7 through 49. A higher score is associated with greater illness severity.;/nThe CGI-BP-S overall score is a single value, clinician-rated assessment of overall bipolar illness severity and ranges from 1=Normal, not at all ill, to 7=Among the most extremely ill patients. a higher score is associated with greater illness severity.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'This record explicitly mentioned the change in informative makers of Bipolar assessed longitudinally (over 28 week period), such as: MADRS (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale) and QIDS-SR(16) both used to measure the severity of depressive symptoms; Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) to assess the severity of manic symptoms; Clinical Global Impression-Bipolar Version-Severity (CGI-BP-S); PIRS-2, a self-report measure of the severity of insomnia; Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale-Positive Symptom (PANSS-P) that is a subscale to measure the severity of psychotic symptoms (e.g.: delusions or hallucinations); Sheehan Disability Scale (SDS) that is a self-reported measure to assess functional impairment in major life sectors like work, social life, and family; Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire-Short Form (Q-LES-Q-SF) that is a measure of a patient's satisfaction in various areas of daily life (e.g.: physical health, social relationships); "Time to Recurrence of a Mood Event" that expresses how long it took for a patient to experience a relapse.', 'biomarkers':['MADRS Change: Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale Score Change', 'QIDS-SR(16) Change: Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Score Change', 'YMRS Change: Young Mania Rating Scale Score Change','CGI-BP-S Change: Clinical Global Impression-Bipolar Version-Severity Score Change', 'PIRS-2 Change: Perfusion Improvement Reporting System Score Change', 'PANSS-P Change: Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale-Positive Symptom Score Change', 'SDS Change: Sheehan Disability Scale Score Change', 'Q-LES-Q-SF Change: Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire-Short Form Score Change', 'Time to Recurrence of a Mood Event Change: Change in Time Needed to Experience Relpse']}

5. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Concentrations of Glx (i.e., glutamate + glutamine), referenced to unsuppressed water and corrected for within-voxel CSF proportion, in dorsal anterior cingulate cortex measured via Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy.;/nConcentrations of GABA+, referenced to unsuppressed water and corrected for within-voxel CSF proportion, in dorsal anterior cingulate cortex measured via Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (i.e., MEGA-PRESS).;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'This study uses Proton Magnetic Resonance Spetroscopy (H-MRS) imaging to measure key neurochemical biomarkers in the "dorsal anterior cingulate cortex" region. The markers explicitly cited in this record are: i) Glx (i.e.: Glutammate and Glutamine combined peak) that indicates two important neurotransmitters. Measuring their combined concentration provides insight into the overall excitatory state of the brain; ii) Gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA+) is the primary inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain meaning it calms or reduces neuronal activity. The "+" indicates that the measurement likely includes related molecules, but the primary focus is on GABA. The values derived are correcting using the amount of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in the scanned area to ensure the measurements are accurate.', 'biomarkers':['Glx Concentration: Glutamate and Glutamine Concentration','GABA+: Gamma-aminobutyric Acid Concentration']}
