Examples: records[39, 56, 203, 262, 318]

1. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_title': 'Plasma Concentrations of Cortisol;/nNumber of IL-2 Treatments Tolerated;/nHamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) Score;/nPlasma Concentrations of Adrenocorticotropic Hormone (ACTH);/nPlasma Concentrations of Interleukin 6 (IL-6);', 'outcome_measurement_description': 'Cortisol is a steroid hormone made in the adrenal glands in response to fear or stressful situations. A typical reference range is 6-23 micrograms/deciliter (mcg/dL) from blood drawn in the morning. Low levels of cortisol can indicate Addison's disease or a problem with the pituitary gland, while high levels may indicate tumors of the adrenal gland, among other illnesses, or increased stress. Chronic elevation of cortisol is associated with reduced immune function and increased risk of heart disease. IL-2 treatment stimulates the release of cortisol and this stimulation is dose dependent (rising as the dose of IL-2 increases) and tends to increase further with repeated exposure to IL-2. Blood was drawn for measuring cortisol at screening (baseline value) and once during days 1-3 of each cycle of the four IL-2 treatments.;/nThe mean number of IL-2 doses tolerated (out of the possible 60 total doses) are presented for each study arm. The standard high dose regimen of IL-2 includes 15 doses per cycle. The dose of IL-2 is reduced, or treatment is stopped entirely, if the side effects become severe. This analysis includes the total number of doses taken at the end of Cycle 4, by all participants who began the trial, regardless of how many cycles each participant completed.;/nHamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) is a 21-item, observer-rated scale which quantifies the severity of depressive symptoms, including depressed mood, loss of interest in usually pleasurable activities, insomnia, anorexia, fatigue, weight loss, and psychomotor retardation or agitation. Participants rate the severity of their symptoms on a scale of 0-2 or 0-4 (depending on the item), where 0 means that the symptom is absent. Total scores are calculated by summing the first 17 items for a total score between 0 and 50. For this study a score of 0-6 indicates a normal state, a score of 7-17 indicates mild depression, a score of 18-24 indicates moderate depression, and a score of greater than 25 indicates severe depression. The HAM-D was administered at screening (baseline value) and once during days 1-3 of each cycle of the four IL-2 treatments.;/nAdrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) is a stress hormone that is synthesized by the pituitary in response to corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH). ACTH stimulates adrenal cortisol production. ACTH levels vary throughout the day and are highest between 6am and 8am. A typical reference range is 10-50 picograms per milliliter (pg/ml) from blood drawn in the morning. Low levels of ACTH can indicate adrenal insufficiency (including adrenal cancers) while high levels may indicate several diseases or stress. IL-2 treatment stimulates the release of ACTH and this stimulation is dose dependent (rising as the dose of IL-2 increases) and tends to increase further with repeated exposure to IL-2. Blood was drawn for measuring ACTH at screening (baseline value) and once during days 1-3 of each cycle of the four IL-2 treatments.;/nImmune system functioning was assessed by measuring plasma concentrations of interleukin 6 (IL-6). IL-6 is a proinflammatory cytokine that is elevated during times of inflammation, infection, in patients with advanced or metastatic cancer, and is also implicated in mood disorders. IL-2 treatments are associated with increased IL 6 levels, in a dose response manner. IL-6 values in healthy individuals are generally less than 16 pg/ml. Blood was drawn for measuring IL-6 at screening (baseline value) and once during days 1-3 of each cycle of the four IL-2 treatments.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The study is measuring several biomarkers in the blood to understand how the patient's body is reacting to the IL-2 treatment. The record explicitly mentioned two key stress hormones: i) plasma concentration of Cortisol; ii) plasma concentration of Adrenocorticotropic Hormone (ACTH). Like cortisol, ACTH levels increase with IL-2 treatment. The record also mentioned Interleukin-6 (IL-6) cytokine which level is also expected to rise in response to IL-2 treatment. Te study mentioned the number of IL-2 treatments tolerated that is a safety marker, as the high-dose IL-2 regimen can have severe side effects, forcing a reduction in dose or even stopping the treatment. THe record mention also a psychological marker, i.e.: Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) to quantify the severity of depressive symptom', 'biomarkers':['Cortisol Concentration: Plasma Concentration of Cortisol Hormone','ACTH Concentration: Plasma Concentration of Adrenocorticotropic Hormone','IL-6 Concentration: Plasma Concentrations of Interleukin 6', 'Number of IL-2 treatments: Mean Number of IL-2 Doses Tolerated', 'HAM-D: Hamilton Depression Rating Scale Score']}
   
2. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_title': 'Attrition (Number of Therapy Sessions Attended);/nPatient Health Questionnaire (PHQ)-9;/nDepression, as Assessed by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale(Ham-D);/nNumber of Participants Who Dropped Out of Therapy;', 'outcome_measurement_description': 'Number of therapy sessions attended was collected. At the end of treatment, the total number of sessions attended by each patient was collected.;/nMeasures depression on a 9 - item scale. Scores range from 0-27, with 0 being no symptoms. A difference of 5 or more points on the PHQ-9 is considered a clinically meaningful response to treatment.;/nHam-D indicates Hamilton Depression Rating Scale,range is 0 to 52. A score of 0 means the best outcome with no depression symptoms reported, and a score of 52 is the worse outcome with highest level of depression reported. A difference of 3 points on the Hamilton scale has been identified as clinically significant.;/nUsing the number of therapy sessions attended, we categorized patients into:/n1. those who discontinued treatment before session 18, and those who completed session 18./n2. those who discontinued before Session 5, and those who continued.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicity mentioned two scales to measure changes in a patient's depressive symptoms: i) Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9), where a change of 5 or more points is considered a clinically significant improvement.; ii) Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), where higher scores indicate more severe depression. The record also mentioned two markers to track patient engagement with the therapy: i) Total number of psychotherapy Sessions Attended; ii) Drop-out Rate: before session 5, before session 18, competed all 18 sessions', 'biomarkers':['PHQ-9: ','HM-D: ','Number of session: Number of therapy Sessions Attended', 'Drop-out rate: Participants Who Dropped Out of Therapy']}
   
3. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_title': 'Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI);/nGenetic Biomarkers;/nInflammatory Biomarkers;/nNumber of Participants Experiencing Remission;/nNeurocognitive Function (Neuropsychological Battery);/nCardiovascular Fitness (Submaximal VO2);/nPhysical Activity (SenseWear Physical Activity-monitoring Armband);', 'outcome_measurement_description': 'Brain imaging conducted with a 7 Tesla scanner. Of particular interest were changes in hippocampal volume, GABA, and glutamate. The changes regarding hippocampal volumes are reported below. This measurement is reported in mm\^3, with higher numbers indicating higher levels of gray matter in the hippocampal region. Volume is combined between right and left hemispheres. GABA and glutamate are not reported. The method used to obtain the data was being piloted for this study, and due to methodological challenges, the data is not considered to be accurate and therefore cannot be analyzed/shared.;/nBlood samples were collected to assess biomarkers, but funding is not yet available to perform analyses.;/nStudy completers will be classified as remitters vs. non-remitters. Remission will be defined as a MADRS score of 10 or less for at least two consecutive assessments. The MADRS will also be used to assess clinical response throughout the trial and to determine final medication dosage. At the end of week 6, those with a MADRS score greater than 10 will have the venlafaxine XR increased from 150 mg/d to a maximum of 300 mg/d.;/nThe battery evaluates several cognitive domains. The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale, 4th ed. Digit Span subtest assesses attention and working memory. The Repeatable Battery of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) measures Immediate and Delayed Memory, Attention, Language Abilities, and Visuospatial Functioning. Total index scores range from 40-155. The California Verbal Learning Test, 2nd Ed. (CVLT) assesses non-contextual verbal learning and memory. Z-scores are calculated for each of the constructs assessed by the CVLT. Subtests from the Deli-Kaplan Executive Function System (D-KEFS) assess aspects of executive functioning, including set-shifting (Trail Making Test Conditions 4 and 5: scaled score ranging from 0-19) and inhibition (Color-Word Interference Test Condition 3: weighted scaled score ranging from 1-19). Given that standardized scores are calculated for each of the neuropsychological measures, higher scores always indicate better cognitive functioning.;/nCardiorespiratory fitness was measured via submaximal VO2 on a motorized treadmill while measuring oxygen utilization via Parvo Medics True one metabolic cart. The submaximal test followed a modified Balke protocol in which speed remained constant with the intensity being increased every two minutes via a raise of 2.0% of the incline. The speed was an agreed upon speed between participant and staff (between 2.0 and 4.0 mph). The submaximal VO2 was stopped when participant reached 85% of age predicted maximal heart rate (220 - age), rating of perceived exertion (RPE) equal to or greater than 15 for those who have blunted heart rate response due to beta block medication, or volitional termination by participant. Vital signs were monitored throughout the test and cool down period. Peak VO2 values for this cohort ranged from 14.04 to 36.48 ml/kg/min, with higher values correlated to higher fitness level.;/nThis will be used to acquire objective information about physical activity. This armband is worn around the upper arm (left triceps) for 1 week and collects information about skin temperature, galvanic skin response, heat flux, and motion via a 3-axis accelerometer. This information is used in an algorithm to determine energy expenditure (EE). The device has a resolution of 1-minute indicating that we can acquire the above information on a minute-by-minute basis, which will allow us to determine both duration and intensity of activity during a normal week. Higher values indicate higher levels of activity.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record reported standard tools to assess the patient's mental state and thinking abilities: i) Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) to assess clinical response (number of remitters vs. number of non-remitters and to determine final medication dosage of Venlafaxine XR); ii) a complete battery test used to measure the congitive abilities composed by the following tests - Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAISS) 4th edition Digit Span subtest assesses attention and working memory, Repeatable Battery of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS), California Verbal Learning Test (CVLT), Deli-Kaplan Executive Function System (D-KEFS) including Trail Making Test (Conditions 4 and 5) and Color-Word Interference Test (Condition 3)./nThe record also refers to other markers useful to understand the biological and physiological effects of the treatment: i) hippocampal Volume using MRI; ii) GABA and Glutamate conentrations are listed although exluded because the technology used for the assessment was a proof of concept; iii) Participants wore an armband actigraphy for one week to measure their physical activity levels, including duration and intensity (level of Physical Activity); iv) Participants' fitness was measured tracking submaximal VO2. This measurement, in milliliters per kilogram per minute, provides an objective assessment of cardiorespiratory fitness; v) Blood samples were collected to assess genetic biomarkers but funding were not available to perform analyses.', 'biomarkers':['MADRS: Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale assessment for at least two consecutive time-points', 'Number of Remitters: Patients Experiencing Remission','Number of Non-Remitters: Patients Not-Experiencing Remission','WAIS: Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (Digit Span subtest) 4th edition Digit Span subtest assesses attention and working memory','RBANS: Repeatable Battery of Neuropsychological Status','CVLT: California Verbal Learning Test', 'D-KEFS: Deli-Kaplan Executive Function System including Trail Making Test and Color-Word Interference Test', 'GABA: GABA neurotrasmitter concentration', 'Glutamate: Glutamate neurotrasmitter concentration', 'Hippocampal Volume: Averaged Volume of left and right Hippocampus expressed in mm^3', 'Physical Activity Intensity: duration and intensity of physical activity in 12 weeks', 'Submaximal VO2:  Cardiorespiratory fitness following a modified Balke protocol in which speed remained constant with the intensity being increased every two minutes via a raise of 2.0% of the incline'], }
   
4. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_title': 'Physical Activity Levels', 'outcome_measurement_description': 'Accelerometry-based moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA)'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'This record measured the physical activity level of the enrolled participants', 'biomarkers':['Physical Activity Intensity: mean duration of the physical aerobic activity in moderate-to-vigourous intensity']}
   
5. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_title': 'Determine if Slow-wave Disruption Alters Mood in Individuals With MDD;/nCompare Markers Associated With Plasticity (BDNF) in Individuals With MDD to Healthy Controls;/nCompare Indices of Net Synaptic Strength (Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Evoked Potentials) in Individuals With MDD to Healthy Controls;', 'outcome_measurement_description': 'Hamilton rating scale for depression - Clinician-administered measure of depression severity./nThe Hamilton Depression Rating Scale is a 17-item, scale that includes questions about depressed mood, suicidal ideation, interest and motivation, irritability, and libido. Participants in this study completed a modified version, the HRSD-NOW (Leibenluft, Moul, Schwartz, Madden, \& Wehr, 1993) during the study protocol, which prompts for responses in the context of the present moment and excludes items 4, 5, and 6 (insomnia symptoms), and item 16 (weight loss) which are less appropriate for multi-day assessment. Total scores could range from 0 to 44, with higher scores indicating greater severity of depressive symptomatology.;/nBrain-derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) - Protein found in blood used to measure synaptic plasticity;/nTranscranial magnetic stimulation evoked potentials (MEP) - Measure of the amplitude of muscle movement from hand following TMS;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly states to use the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HRSD-NOW), a scale that quantifies the severity of depressive symptoms (depressed mood, suicidal thoughts, and irritability) but excludes items related to insomnia and weight loss, for mood assessment. The record explicitly mentioned also several biological markers for synaptic plasticity, such as: i) the levels of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) in the blood; ii) the synaptic strenght and neural excitability in the motor cortex assessed with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) to measure evoked potentials (MEP).', 'biomarkers':['HRSD-NOW: Modified verison of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) scale (Leibenluft e tal., 1993)','BDNF Concentration: Plasma concentration of the Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor as proxy for neuro plasticity','MEP Amplitude: Amplitude of Muscle Movement from hand following Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Evoked Potentials.']}
