Examples: records[3, 6, 7, 2, 14]

1. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'The present study examines DBT treatment effect on emotion regulation in unmedicated outpatients with BPD as measured by changes in the Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale. The DERS is a brief, 36-item, self-report questionnaire./nDERS total score ranges from 36- 180. Higher scores reflect higher difficulties in emotion regulation./nThe measure yields a total score as well as scores on six scales derived through factor analysis:/n1. Nonacceptance of emotional responses, 2. Difficulties engaging in goal directed behavior, 3. Impulse control difficulties, 4. Lack of emotional awareness, 5. Limited access to emotion regulation strategies, 6. Lack of emotional clarity Responses are on a 5-point scale: 1=almost never, 2=sometimes, 3=about half the time, 4=most of the time, 5=almost always;/n0 to 12 month difference scores in group x time interaction amygdala activity;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines two markers, the first is the self-reported questionnaire measuring the difficulties in emotion regulation scale (DERS); the second is Amygdala activation assessed with an fMRI-EPI sequence to compare the group treated with Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT). The latter marker can be used to measure how the amygdala activity of patients who have received DBT has changed over the course of 12 months, compared to activity of a control group (who did not receive treatment). A significant "interaction" would show that the DBT treatment had a specific effect on brain activity.', 'biomarkers':['DERS: Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale','Amygdala Activity: fMRI activation of amygdala']}
   
2. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Scale including 15 items and three subscales. All items are rated on a Likert-like scale. A correction factor of 15 is added to yield the final score which can range from 12 (best) to 72 (worst).;\nThis is an assessment of change in DSM-IV borderline psychopathology. Consisting of nine criteria rated on a five-point anchored rating scale of 0 to 4, yielding a total score of 0 to 36. 0 being the best and 4 meaning the worse.;\nNine criteria rated on a six-point anchored rating scale of 0 to 6, yielding a total score of 0 to 60. O is the least and 6 is the highest. \n 0 to 6 - normal /symptom absent 7 to 19 - mild depression 20 to 34 - moderate depression \>34 - severe depression.;\n30-item self-report questionnaire, that is scored to yield a total score, three second-order factors, and six first-order factors. patients rate the questions 1-4 1 being the least and 4 being the most.;\nEleven-item multiple choice diagnostic questionnaire, yielding total scores of 0-60. 0-4 rating 0-being least likely and 4 being most likely This scale assess manic symptoms;\n90 items measured on a Likert scale via self-report. Scale is 0-5 stating 0= strongly disagree and 5 is Strongly agree Measures psychological problems and symptoms;\nThree self-rated items, on a scale of 0-10. 0 is unimpaired 10 is highly impaired This measures functional impairment;\nFour part behavior rating scale designed to measure four types of aggressive behavior as witnessed in the past week. Each section consists of five questions. Total scores on the MOAS range from 0-40. 0 is the best and 40 is the worst of symptoms Reduction in scores shows a change of symptoms.;\nNumeric scale (1 through 100) used by mental health clinicians and physicians to rate subjectively the social, occupational, and psychological functioning of adults. 100 is the highest level of functioning. O is the least functional;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines 9 markers, the first is the Borderline Evaluation of Severity Over Time (BEST) to measure the overall BPD severity; the second is the Zanarini Rating Scale for Borderline Personality Disorder (ZAN-BPD); the third is the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) - a scale to measure the severity of depression; the fourth is the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMS) to assess manic symptoms; the fifth is the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS) a self-report questionnaire to measure impulsivity; the sixth is the Overt Aggression Scale - Modified (OAS-M) - a scale to measure the severity and frequency of aggressive behavior; the seventh is the Global Assessment of Functioning Scale (GAF) - a rating scale to assess a person's social, occupational, and psychological functioning; the eighth is the Sheehan Disability Scale (SDS) - a self-rated scale that measures a person's level of functional impairment in three areas (work, social life, and family life); the ninth is the Symptom Checklist -90-Revised (SCL-90-R) - a broad self-report questionnaire that captures a wide range of psychological problems and symptoms', 'biomarkers':['BEST: Borderline Evaluation of Severity Over Time','ZAN-BPD: Zanarini Rating Scale for Borderline Personality Disorder','MADRS: Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale','YMS: Young Mania Rating Scale','BIS: Barratt Impulsiveness Scale','OAS-M: Overt Aggression Scale - Modified ','GAF: Global Assessment of Functioning Scale','SDS: Sheehan Disability Scale','SCL-90-R: Symptom Checklist -90-Revised']}
   
3. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'The Symptom Checklist-90-Revised (SCL-90-R) instrument helps evaluate a broad range of psychological problems and symptoms of psychopathology. The instrument is also useful in measuring patient progress or treatment outcomes. The SCL-90-R contains 90 items on a 5-point rating scale, with a higher score indicating more severity. The items are categorized into 12 domains (9 scores along primary symptom dimensions and 3 scores among global distress indices). A t-score for each domain is then obtained by norming by sex and ranges between 19-81, with a higher score indicating more severity.;/nBorderline Personality Disorder Severity Index (BPDSI) symptom domain subscales scores. The BPDSI is a semi-structured clinical interview assessing the frequency and severity of manifestations of Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) during a circumscribed period of the previous 7 days. The BPDSI measures 9 symptoms associated with BPD on a Likert scale ranging from 0-7 (0 = never; 7 = daily). Each symptom measure produces a mean score ranging from 0-7, with a higher score indicating more prevalent symptoms.;/nThe Indiana Psychiatric Illness Interview (IPII) is a semi-structured interview developed to assess illness narratives. Responses are audio taped and later transcribed. It is scored using the Metacognition Assessment Scale- Abbreviated (MAS-A), which has four domains of metacognition: i) Self-Reflectivity ranging from 0-9; ii) Understanding the Mind of Other ranging from 0-7; iii) Decentration ranging from 0-3; and iv) Mastery ranging from 0-9. Lower scores indicate metacognitive deficits, higher scores indicate more integrated and nuanced metacognition. MAS-A total score is the sum of the scores on each of the domains of metacognition, ranging from 0-28, with a lower score indicating metacognitive deficits and a higher score indicating more integrated and nuanced metacognition.;/nThe Clinical Global Impressions Improvement (CGI-I) scale is used to assess the clinical change as compared to symptoms at baseline using a 7-point Likert scale, ranging from very much improved (1) to very much worse (7), with a higher score indicating more severity.;/nThe Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) is an 19-item scale measuring positive symptoms, general psychopathology and affective symptoms during the last 7 days. The BPRS measures symptoms with scores ranging from 0-7, with a higher score indicating more severity. A total score is then calculated by adding all the item scores, ranging from 0-133, with a higher score indicating more severity.;/nThe Borderline Personality Checklist (BPD Checklist) is a 47-item DSM-IV based self-report questionnaire, designed to assess the experienced burden of specific BPD symptoms during the previous week. The BPD Checklist measures symptoms with scores ranging from 1-5, with a higher score indicating more severity. A total score is then calculated by adding all the item scores, ranging from 47-235, with a higher score indicating more severity.;/nThe Indiana Psychiatric Illness Interview (IPII) is a semi-structured interview developed to assess illness narratives. Responses are audio taped and later transcribed. It is scored using the Metacognition Assessment Scale- Abbreviated (MAS-A), which has four domains of metacognition: i) Self-Reflectivity ranging from 0-9; ii) Understanding the Mind of Other ranging from 0-7; iii) Decentration ranging from 0-3; and iv) Mastery ranging from 0-9. Lower scores indicate metacognitive deficits, higher scores indicate more integrated and nuanced metacognition. MAS-A total score is the sum of the scores on each of the domains of metacognition, ranging from 0-28, with a lower score indicating metacognitive deficits and a higher score indicating more integrated and nuanced metacognition'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines nine markers that relate to how patients' psychological symptoms change and how biological markers evolve. The first marker is represented by Symptom Checklist-90-Revised (SCL-90-R) which assesses a wide range of psychological problems and symptoms; the second and third are the Clinical Global Impressions - Improvement & Severity (CGI-I & CGI-S) that are scales that subjectively assess how much a patient's condition has improved or worsened, and the overall severity of their symptoms; the fourth is the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS); the fifth is the Borderline Personality Disorder Severity Index (BPDSI) a semi-structured interview that measures the frequency and severity of the symptoms of BPD; the sixth is the Borderline Checklist a self-report questionnaire with 47 items assess the burden of specific BPD symptoms according to DSM-IV; the seventh is the Metacognition Assessment Scale (MAS-A), which represents the patient's ability to understand his own mental states and those of others; the eighth is a biological marker represented by the Cortisol Level that is a stress hormone and is used to understand how the patient's body reacts to stress and whether the treatment has a physiological effect; the ninth is represented by the number of adverse events caused by the treatment.', 'biomarkers':['SCL-90-R: Symptom Checklist-90-Revised','CGI-I: Clinical Global Impressions - Improvement','CGI-S: Clinical Global Impressions - Severity','BPRS: Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale','BPDSI: Borderline Personality Disorder Severity Index','BPD-Checklist: 47-item Borderline Checklist','MAS-A: Metacognition Assessment Scale', 'Cortisol: Cortisol level','TEAEs: Number of Treatment-emergent Adverse Events']}
   
4. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'The primary aim of this imaging study was to examine the effect of olanzapine on brain metabolism over the eight weeks of administration. To compare the baseline PET scan to the endpoint scan,'}
   Output:
   {'analysis': 'This report describes an eight-week longitudinal study with the aim of comparing differences in PET brain metabolism (using FDG-PET) compared to baseline in patients treated with olanzapine', 'biomarkers':['Change 18F-FDG PET: assessment of neuron metabolism change via PET']}
   
5. Input record:
   {'outcome_measurement_description': 'Assessed with skin conductance (SC; microsiemens, μS) in response to emotional cues presented in the lab (of note, per protocol, we examined DV in response to negative and neutral image stimuli \[Neg\] across initial \[Novel\] and repeated presentations) which were presented along with sound bursts to elicit startle. Data were transformed to address skew (μStr). Outcomes are reported as novel x negative slopes (SLP) over weeks (centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects / multilevel models.;/nAssessed with the DBT-Ways of Coping Checklist (DBT-WCCL, transformed = DBTWCCLtr), which yields scales of skills use (DSS, rescaled \*100), general dysfunctional coping (DC1, rescaled \*10), and blaming others (DC2, \*10), with scores of 0-3, higher reflects greater use. Outcomes are reported as slopes (SE) centered around treatment start per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models (separately per scale score).This measure is listed separately to permit presentation of two units of measure (that are in the same model) for the DC1 scale, which was fit best with a quadratic model, whereas the remaining scales only required a Linear model. This measure reflects the Quadratic measure (DBTWCCL/week\^2).;/nAssessed with self-reported emotions on the PANAS negative affect (NA) scale (mean scores on a scale of 1-5) in response to emotional scripts (neutral (Neu), negative (Neg)) by emotion regulation condition (Reg: with emotional maintain (Main) instructions, and negative with decrease (Dec) instructions) presented in the lab. Outcomes are reported as slopes differences in PANAS NA scores between Reg conditions in response to negative stimuli (negative-decrease and negative-maintain) over weeks (centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/ multilevel models.;/nAssessed with skin conductance (SC; microsiemens, μS) in response to emotional scripts (Neg: neutral, negative) by emotion regulation (Reg: emotional maintain instructions, and negative with decrease instructions) presented in the lab. Data were transformed to address skew (μStr). Outcomes are reported as slopes of Negative (Neg) condition effects on SC over weeks (centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects / multilevel models.;/nAssessed with high frequency heart rate variability (HRV, ms2/hz) in response to emotional scripts (Negative: negative vs. neutral) with emotion regulation instructions (Reg: Maintain vs. Decrease in the Negative condition) presented in the lab. Data were transformed to address skew (ms2/hztr). Outcomes are reported as slopes of the effect of the Reg condition on HRV over weeks (centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects /multilevel models.;/nAssessed with the abbreviated Borderline Symptom List (BSL23), which has mean scores that range from 0-4, with higher scores indicating more symptoms. Outcomes are reported as slopes (scores rescaled \*100 over weeks, centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models. This measure is listed separately to permit presentation of two units of measure (that are in the same model) - the Linear unit of measure (BSL scores/week), and the Quadratic unit of measure (BSL scores/week\^2). This measure reflects the Linear measure.;/nAssessed with eyeblink startle amplitude (mV) in response to emotional cues presented in the lab (of note, per protocol, we examined eyeblink in response to negative and neutral image stimuli across initial \[novel\] and repeated presentations) which were presented along with sound bursts to elicit startle. This outcome was transformed and then rescaled (\*100, = mVtr). Outcomes are reported as slopes per condition over weeks (centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models with image valence (Neg: negative vs. neutral) and type (Novel: novel vs. repeated) within-person condition effects.;/nAssessed with the DBT-Ways of Coping Checklist (DBT-WCCL, transformed = DBTWCCLtr), which yields scales of skills use (DSS, rescaled \*100), general dysfunctional coping (DC1, rescaled \*10), and blaming others (DC2, \*10), with scores of 0-3, higher reflects greater use. Outcomes are reported as slopes (with SE) centered around treatment start per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models (separately per scale score).This measure is listed separately to permit presentation of two units of measure (that are in the same model) for the DC1 scale, which was fit best with a quadratic model, whereas the remaining scales only required a Linear model. This measure reflects the Linear measures (DBTWCCL/week) for all scales.;/nAssessed with the Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale (DERS), which has total scores that range from 36-180, with higher scores indicating more difficulties. Outcomes are reported as slopes (scores over weeks, centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models. This measure is listed separately to permit presentation of two units of measure (that are in the same model) - the Linear unit of measure (DERS scores/week), and the Quadratic unit of measure (DERS scores/week\^2). This measure reflects the Quadratic measure.;/nAssessed with the abbreviated Borderline Symptom List (BSL23), which has mean scores that range from 0-4, with higher scores indicating more symptoms. Outcomes are reported as slopes (scores rescaled \*100 over weeks, centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models. This measure is listed separately to permit presentation of two units of measure (that are in the same model) - the Linear unit of measure (BSL scores/week), and the Quadratic unit of measure (BSL scores/week\^2). This measure reflects the Quadratic measure.;/nAssessed with self-reported emotions on the PANAS negative affect (NA) scale (mean scores on a scale of 1-5) in response to emotional scripts (Neg: neutral (Neu), negative (Neg)) by emotion regulation condition (Reg: emotional maintain instructions, and negative with decrease instructions) presented in the lab. Outcomes are reported as slopes differences in PANAS NA scores between neutral and negative-maintain over weeks (centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models.;/nAssessed with the Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale (DERS), which has total scores that range from 36-180, with higher scores indicating more difficulties. Outcomes are reported as slopes (scores over weeks, centered around the start of treatment, with standard errors) per condition, extracted from mixed effects/multilevel models. This measure is listed separately to permit presentation of two units of measure (that are in the same model) - the Linear unit of measure (DERS scores/week), and the Quadratic unit of measure (DERS scores/week\^2). This measure reflects the Linear measure.;'}
   Output:
   {'analysis':'The record explicitly defines the use of multiple markers to assess changes in emotional functioning and BPD symptoms using a mix of self-reported questionnaires and physiological lab measurements. The study was designed to measure change over time. The record report several markers, such as: Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale (DERS) to measure participants self-perceived difficulties in coping with their emotions; Borderline Symptom List (BSL23) was used to track changes in the severity of BPD symptoms; DBT-Ways of Coping Checklist (DBT-WCCL) measures how participants use various coping strategies, including both healthy and dysfunctional skills; PANAS negative affect scale to measure how intensely participants felt negative emotions in response to specific emotional scripts. In addition, this record tries to obtain a more objective picture by using physiological markers, such as: skin conductance (SC), which measures sweat gland activity, as a sign of physiological arousal. They assessed both emotional reactivity (how strongly the body reacts to emotional cues) and habituation (how a reaction decreases with repeated exposure to a stimulus); Affect-Modulated Startle (AMS) uses eyeblink amplitude in response to a startling noise. A startle response is usually stronger when a person is experiencing a negative emotion, so a change in this response can show a change in emotional state. Finally, heart rate variability (HRV) is used to show how well a person can control physiological response to stress. The study used both linear and quadratic models to analyze the data, meaning that both a constant rate of change and a change that can speed up or slow down over time were examined.', 'biomarkers':['DERS: Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale', 'BSL23: Abbreviated Borderline Symptom List','DBT-WCCL: DBT-Ways of Coping Checklist', 'PANAS: Positive and Negative Affect Schedule', 'SC: skin conductance', 'AMS: Affect-Modulated Startle', 'HRV: heart rate variability']}
